He said he likes me.
Borrowing a luxury car to pick up girls?
Just like you, you still go to graduate school
Don't think about it, stay for a few days and get out
Kinmen won't keep people like you
Hey what are you doing
I'll do it myself, don't move
I'll bake it for you
Tang Green just had something in his hair
Tang Green be careful
No, what does he, a little kid who just graduated, like about me?
I tried so hard I could be his mother
I don't practice
No, he must be famous in his bedroom
A great name
So I studied hard for the college entrance examination. Three months ago, I was angry and went to Southwest University of Political Science and Law from the literature entrance examination
Now I have the courage to stand in front of you
Forget it, Tang
It's like being eaten by a dog
Tang Lu has finally found you. What's the matter?
Someone's coming up
Said to find you
Why are you looking for me? I don't know
I see you are Tang Zai
Lawyers are two
We are from the Judicial Bureau
Bring the materials
Well, here's your research data.
I was reported for abetting the client to disrupt public order less
That's not a small charge
To revoke a lawyer's license
And I'll never be a lawyer
Don't you understand?
Why were you confused at that time?
Being a lawyer is risky
Your words and deeds will have a serious impact on the parties involved
You are a lawyer
Don't talk nonsense
What did I say?
Why am I called a party disturbing public order?
What's written on this?
Please show evidence
Don't worry.
We are here to investigate today.
If implemented
I'm not the one sitting here talking to you today
Good investigation, right? Just ask